are you think things going on
today can we will two sitcoms
as a indicator of what are
actual needs and wants Park
and I cited for example big
banks
row this is the number one show
on television in any Sean got
scientists
young and go the be caricatures
their dialogue Israel
show has a PHD physicist as in
it as a retained adviser
to it the the whiteboards in the
back have equations on them
change
for each show and what on each
board is relevant to the subject
matter each this is a show
that is delivering signs to you
annie is not even
apologetic about and is the
number one show in town
there was all in the family time
a vietnam women's rights racism
bigotry all this the number one
show on television
maybe these are indicators that
the the population is ready for
work
they want more they wanted to be
the center or guard
and you look at how many science
shows exist today
shows that feature science
literacy
in the story tell Breaking Bad
to CSI has multiple incarnations
like I said the Big Bang Theory
Ortiz
I'm say maybe these are signs
that scientists from Paul
brought to you
by the creativity writers and
producers
have even told just bring
Tuesday